<excerpt>Dear deb,


With the new Congress in Washington, DC, we have a tremendous
opportunity to make progress in our campaign to end the practice of
mountaintop removal coal mining.


But to realize that opportunity, we need you to take action today.


In the coming weeks, Representative Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey is
preparing to introduce the <bold>Clean Water Protection Act</bold> in
the new 110th Congress. This act eliminates a loophole that has
allowed coal companies to dump millions of tons of mine waste into
nearby streams when they practice mountaintop removal coal mining.


Will you take a moment today to write your Representatives and ask
them to join Rep. Pallone by becoming a co-sponsor of the Clean Water
Protection Act?


<color><param>0000,0000,EEEE</param>Click here to learn more and take
action: http://www.ilovemountains.org/action/write_your_rep/</color> 


Before the last congress adjourned, we secured the support of 77
cosponsors for the Clean Water Protection Act.


But in the new Congress, the bill must be introduced again -- and our
goal is to start with 77 original cosponsors, sending a loud message
that the American people and their representatives are ready to close
the loopholes that allow mountaintop removal coal mining.


Please, take a moment today to contact your representatives. It takes
only a moment using our online tools, but Congress needs to hear from
you.


<color><param>0000,0000,EEEE</param>Click here to learn more about the
Clean Water Protection Act and to contact Congress:
http://www.ilovemountains.org/action/write_your_rep/</color> 


Thank you for taking action.


Mary Anne Hitt

<color><param>0000,0000,EEEE</param>http://www.ILoveMountains.org/</color> 


p.s. Congress needs to hear from all of us. Please forward this email
to your friends and family and ask them to join you in telling
Congress to act now on the Clean Water Protection Act.


<italic>You are receiving this message because you expressed an
interest in ending mountaintop removal coal mining to one of the
<color><param>0000,0000,EEEE</param>partner organizations</color> of
<color><param>0000,0000,EEEE</param>www.iLoveMountains.org</color>. 
To modify your subscription preferences, click
<color><param>0000,0000,EEEE</param>here</color>.</italic>

</excerpt>